---
layout: default
title:  "Passions - nnunn"
---
<div class="row">
<div class="col-4 border border-secondary rounded p-4">
	<h2>Writing</h2>
	<p>I have wanted to write since I can young. When the beauty of words swept me up - poetry, beautiful novels, quotes that seemed to make the whole of my confusing human existance make sense for at least a minute. I wanted to join in on that. I would sit out in the feild behind my parents house and speak words. Our two black dogs - William and Dusty - would watch me as I let words flow out of my mouth savouring them like fruit.</p>

</div>
<div class="col-4 border border-secondary rounded p-4">
	<h2>Gardening</h2>
	<p class="lh-2">A love of gardening came much more slowly. I remember hating the garden when I was young, well except for the fresh peas, which I ate with abandon throwing the shells to the dog William who loved to crunch them and then spit them out and wait for more. But now, in my forties, gardening has established itself as one of my deep passions. The simplicity of dirt, sun, water and the complexity of all the different plants, their secret needs, their seeds</p>

</div>
<div class="col-4 border border-secondary rounded p-4">
	<h2>Tarot</h2>
	<p>The newest of my passions. When I was divorcing my first husband I went to a party / talent show at a small bar on the edge of downtown. It was in a rambshackled old building and was full of people who I kind of knew, but wasn't close to. I was shy, but determined to have a good time because I'd found childcare and escaped, for a few hours, the overwhelming complexity and sadness of my life at that time. There was a Tarot reader there, an effeminate man with a strong voice. My reading made him uncomfortable. It was all swords. Ten of swords. I still remember, twelve years later, how vividly the image represented my life.</p> 
</div>
</div>